hey guys today I'm going to go ahead and
give you a review for the Apple wired
Mighty Mouse this is the one with the
USB wire let me go ahead and zoom in
show you guys a bit better can see here
he got it it's got the core um i'd say
maybe two feet at the most long the cord
is as you can see it's got the 360
scroll wall which is really nice feature
it's got the side buttons so if you're
using a Mac all these feeds work
perfectly it Shh I believe it does work
on a pc but i have not tried it actually
but i'll go ahead and try it sometime
and let you guys know so but it has the
side buttons you can program they come
most people have them set for the expose
and then they usually have the scroll
button if you push down set for
dashboard i set mine to hide all windows
so and then you have your to me this was
the left click and that's the right
click but the camera flips it around and
everything it's going to be the other
way but you have your right click and
left click or you can make it all just
one that clicks down and it's also touch
sensitive which is really nice if you
have both fingers on and you click it's
going to go to the left click but you
lift up your left finger to do a right
click and then it'll go otherwise it
will sense your finger and it won't go
so yep it's just got the plain old USB
on it and i'll go ahead and talk to
scroll ball i really like how it has 36
growing but what i don't like is it gets
really i'm gonna gummed up maybe it gets
very dirty inside apparently and it'll
stop scrolling but don't get freaked out
just take a damp washcloth not soaking
wet or you'll break it but just a nice
damp one and rub your scroll ball for
about a minute or so just rub it
round and keep rubbing on top and don't
worry about anything it'll be fine and
then go ahead and just plug it back in
and you should be ready to go it should
work again if not try the scroll thing
again for possibly a little bit more
time and I'll just go ahead and
demonstrate sock let's say this is what
you're using you just roll around on the
top here by the scroll ball for about a
minute and then it'll it should be ready
to go you can go ahead and plug it in
now what most people do with their cords
is it's not as long as a regular
microsoft mouse but they'll plug it into
the side of their apple keyboard if it's
wireless I don't do that for a couple
reasons AI think it looks funny and be
it Scott's so much slack there if your
keyboards right next to your mouth you
got all this space you keep whacking
with your mouse when you're trying to do
things you know it's annoying you got
this whole chord right there so i plug
it into the side of my computer my
macbook but it still gets to the point
where sometimes they'll stop my mouse
when going forward you know so I'm going
to be looking into getting a wireless
one but when i do i'll go ahead and give
you guys a review but this costs forty
nine dollars new from apple they do not
have them refurbish but i think it's
worth the price if you want a wired
mouse and you have a mac i definitely
recommend this than any other mouse i
know a lot of people use the logitech
revolutions i've never tried those but i
really like these and I'm gonna keep
using them but thanks for watching and
don't forget to comment rate and
subscribe